
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="laws_of_new_caledonia">Laws of New Caledonia</h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Laws of New Caledonia&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;laws_of_new_caledonia&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-37&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="article_1">Article 1:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
New Caledonia is a pretty freaking cool place.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 1:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_1&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;38-109&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="article_2">Article 2:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Everybodys got rights
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 2:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_2&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;110-155&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="article_3">Article 3:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Don’t kill people, that&#039;s not nice. Don’t rob people, that&#039;s not nice. Don’t trespass, that&#039;s not nice.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 3:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_3&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:4,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;156-290&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit5" id="article_4">Article 4:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Mines are public property
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 4:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_4&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:5,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;291-341&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit6" id="article_5">Article 5:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
The Music Bot has to be at 5% volume or less at all times
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 5:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_5&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:6,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;342-423&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit7" id="article_5_-_amendment_1">Article 5 - Amendment 1:</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Those who kill eardrums without consent receive a minimum of 2 days in prison.  
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 5 - Amendment 1:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_5_-_amendment_1&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:7,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;424-540&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit8" id="article_6">Article 6:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Yelling, constantly talking too much, or repeating the same thing over and over again is not permitted if so you will be banned from the chat.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 6:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_6&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:8,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;541-708&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit9" id="article_7">Article 7:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
The Enforcers and The Enforcer Captain must follow the Enforcer Code of Conduct.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 7:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_7&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:9,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;709-814&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit10" id="article_8">Article 8:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
No cruel and unusual punishment will be enacted. If exile is necessary, it will be for a maximum of 7 Minecraft days. Any additional sentences will be gradually added as seen fit by the government. Under no circumstances will the accused be kicked from the game. That&#039;s not cool.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 8:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_8&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:10,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;815-1118&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit11" id="article_8_amendment_1">Article 8 Amendment 1:</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
 A long term and/or indefinite ban can be enacted if the entire innocent Council deems it necessary.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 8 Amendment 1:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_8_amendment_1&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:11,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1119-1253&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit12" id="article_9">Article 9:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Gambling is legalized, and will follow Vegas rules (i.e. You cheat, you die).
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 9:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_9&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:12,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1254-1356&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit13" id="article_10">Article 10:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Villagers of New Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch hold the same status as any autonomous citizen of New Caledonia.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 10:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_10&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:13,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1357-1523&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit14" id="article_11">Article 11:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Arrests may not be predated. Therefore, all crimes committed before the date of the law&#039;s signing are legal.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 11:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_11&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:14,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1524-1658&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit15" id="article_12">Article 12:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
NO SWEARING ON MY CHRISTIAN MINECRAFT SERVER
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 12:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_12&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:15,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1659-1729&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit16" id="article_13">Article 13:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
for those who didn&#039;t know who the Clan Elders works, it like this:
Alex - President - Sign laws
Alan - Vice President (Congress) - Comes up with new laws and projects
Connor - Judge - Enforces laws through the Enforcers and resolves any other law problems (court trials)
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 13:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_13&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:16,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1730-2026&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit17" id="article_14">Article 14:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Prepared foods cannot be sold by businesses that have not determined 
themselves as some sort of eatery.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 14:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_14&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:17,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;2027-2156&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit18" id="article_14_-_amendment_1_physical_location_act">Article 14 - Amendment 1 (physical location act):</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
No New Caledonia (nation) business may not sell products without a physical location. The location must be a professional, non-temporary building in 10&times;10 space. Any business in defying this law will have to close down until found in compliance with this law.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 14 - Amendment 1 (physical location act):&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_14_-_amendment_1_physical_location_act&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:18,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;2157-2477&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit19" id="article_15">Article 15:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Formula for property tax: Perimeter + Number of Floors ÷ 6 then round it up
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 15:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_15&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:19,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;2478-2580&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit20" id="article_16">Article 16:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
On the New Caledonia server, it is prohibited to be on the server before 7:50 PM or after 10 PM. This applies to all except the President and those given express Council/President permission. Those caught disobeying this law will be punished for robbery.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 16:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_16&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:20,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;2581-2861&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit21" id="article_17">Article 17:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
The sole ruling power in New Caledonia will be the Council of Elders. It is a triumvirate. Each position is elected by the family and those others adopted. The seat is voted for every 4 months. However at any time during the term, any member of the family may challenge that family&#039;s representative to an arena fight. This Council will have the power to suggest, vote on, and enforce laws through government Enforcers. They will also have the power, as a jury, to acquit or convict any accused persons given probable cause for arrest and accusation. Citizens cannot be both Enforcer and Councilman. They must give up an Enforcer role to take a Council seat. The Council will subsequently find a replacement Enforcer. This will go into effect following the current governmental investigation. If a similar investigation were to take place, anyone involved will be removed from the Council temporarily. In their absence, they will appoint a temporary replacement.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 17:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_17&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:21,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;2862-3848&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit22" id="article_17_amendment_1">Article 17 Amendment 1:</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Instead of families, each Councilman will represent a borough. Each of the three boroughs in the City of New Caledonia will get representation in the National Council. Also, SMAC challenges will be replaced by approval polls, which will be opened for four days. If the questioned has his rating fall below 50%, an election will take place, in which the deadline for registering and the election itself are exactly 14 days after the poll closes. Official alignment will be set by the sitting Council as of the passage of this amendment.
</p>

<p>
Twin Peaks (On the hill): Alan, Nate, Aidan
New Caledonia (East of Hwy 17): Alex, Eddie, Ethan
New Vegas (West of Hwy 17): Connor, Daniel, Joey
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 17 Amendment 1:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_17_amendment_1&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:22,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;3849-4564&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit23" id="article_17_amendment_2">Article 17 Amendment 2:</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
On Approval Polls. Approval polls of a Councilman may be proposed by someone within the same borough. They may only be proposed at a certain rate: 2 weeks after the term starts, and there must be 1 month between each attempt. A less than 50% rate can cause another election in the borough. The sitting Councilman, even if not approved of, may run in this new election. The approval poll will be open for 72 hours, or until all citizens have voted. The poll will be run by the Speaker, who is the Councilman with the most Council experience. In the event that the Speaker is the one included on the poll, an unrelated Councilman will run the poll with him.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 17 Amendment 2:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_17_amendment_2&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:23,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;4565-5255&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit24" id="article_18">Article 18:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
IF THE ACTIVITY ON THIS MINECRAFT SERVER CONTINUES TO SPARK ARGUMENTS, FIGHTING, AND NEGATIVE BEHAVIOR IN OUR HOME I WILL ME FORCE TERMINATED THE SERVER BY PARENTS. EVERYONE NEEDS TO PLAY NICE OR NOT PLAY - ALAN, EDDIE, JOEY&#039;S PARENTS
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 18:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_18&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:24,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;5256-5515&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit25" id="article_18_-_amendment_1">Article 18 - Amendment 1:</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
The previous wording of this article is now void, and is hailed as an announcement. The repeated offense of bullying and harassment is now illegal. These are defined as repeated attempts to insult one person. This is punishable by a temporary ban and will be determined by a court.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 18 - Amendment 1:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_18_-_amendment_1&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:25,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;5516-5834&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit26" id="article_19">Article 19:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Treason, as one of the understood laws, needs an official definition. “Treason” is hereby defined as any act taken against the government or an official.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 19:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_19&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:26,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;5835-6014&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit27" id="article_20_parental_act">Article 20 (Parental Act):</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
No parental legislature is allowed from here out without Council approval.
Article 20 Amendment 1: Any and all parental action, including but not limited to, banning citizens and destroying New Caledonia, is hereby prohibited. Any legal action must be presented by a Councilman.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 20 (Parental Act):&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_20_parental_act&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:27,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;6015-6334&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit28" id="article_21">Article 21:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
If a citizen gets worked up, and begins to use petty arguments and angrily yells over the voice chat, they will be removed for 15 minutes. Failure to observe this law will result in a trial, and is punishable by up to five days in prison.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 21:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_21&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:28,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;6335-6600&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit29" id="article_22_command_block_act">Article 22 (Command Block Act):</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
No command blocks that are no approved by the council. EXAMPLES: Gamemode changers, Hard items summons, a timer that teleports you home in 5 mins
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 22 (Command Block Act):&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_22_command_block_act&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:29,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;6601-6792&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit30" id="article_23">Article 23:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Those who have been given Creative privileges are prohibited from sharing Creative sourced items with those who have not. This is punishable by a revoking of Creative privileges and may result in a loss of office.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 23:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_23&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:30,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;6793-7032&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit31" id="article_24">Article 24:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Pardon of any crime may be given by way of a unanimous vote of the Council. Any record of the crime pardoned shall be wiped clean.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 24:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_24&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:31,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;7033-7189&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit32" id="article_25">Article 25:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Should any arrests be made and the accused is either acquitted or their trial canceled, the Council will pay reparation of 30 Emeralds to that person. The settlement of a case does not apply.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 25:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_25&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:32,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;7190-7407&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit33" id="article_26">Article 26:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Any building commissioned by the NCCA is open to event hosts. However, in order to add a person or company name to the event or pay participants, it must be approved by a majority of Councilmen.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 26:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_26&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:33,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;7408-7628&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit34" id="article_27">Article 27:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Voter fraud is punishable by either a 30 Emerald fine or 3 days in jail.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 27:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_27&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:34,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;7629-7726&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit35" id="article_27_amendment_1">Article 27 Amendment 1:</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Voter fraud is punishable by a 10 Credit fine, due within a week unless probation is enforced. Each citizen has the right to non-disclosure regarding his vote, unless questioning is necessary for determining voter fraud.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 27 Amendment 1:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_27_amendment_1&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:35,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;7727-7981&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit36" id="article_28">Article 28:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Harassment in direct messages is still punishable under New Caledonia laws.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 28:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_28&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:36,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;7982-8083&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit37" id="article_29common_sense_act">Article 29: Common Sense Act:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
The following is illegal: TNT (except for mining), lobbying, perjury, government censorship without due cause, voter fraud, election tampering, commanding Enforcers not as a Councilman, tax evasion, unapproved government reimbursement, and dishonoring of a ban and/or jail time. Furthermore, any court evasion will be an assumed loss, repeat offenders shall have a graduated punishment culminating in an indefinite ban, and the Court&#039;s ruling is final, and holds judicial review. The “annoyance crimes”, which include spamming, bullying, and harassment, do not require a trial.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 29: Common Sense Act:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_29common_sense_act&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:37,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;8084-8704&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit38" id="article_29_amendment_1">Article 29 Amendment 1:</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
A company and its owner are one and the same legally. When one sues a company, the owner is responsible for unpaid charges. If still unpaid, the ban will fall on the owner, as is normal. In other words, the owner is the company in a legal sense.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 29 Amendment 1:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_29_amendment_1&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:38,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;8705-8984&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit39" id="article_29_amendment_2_privacy_act">Article 29 Amendment 2 (Privacy Act):</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
The following is illegal: trespassing, or the act of entering someone&#039;s private property without permission, and flying over does not apply; and searching without a warrant issued by majority innocent Council. Furthermore, the right of the people to hold private calls and/or dealings shall not be infringed, unless said dealing is illegal by other laws.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 29 Amendment 2 (Privacy Act):&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_29_amendment_2_privacy_act&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:39,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;8985-9387&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit40" id="article_29_amendment_3">Article 29 Amendment 3:</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Distribution (i.e. selling and sharing) of any illegal-to-use items is hereby prohibited, nor can they set the usage when selling. Distributors of otherwise legal items used illegally (i.e. certain potions) are released from liability in a court of law.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 29 Amendment 3:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_29_amendment_3&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:40,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;9388-9674&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit41" id="article_30school_act">Article 30: School Act:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
During the school year, with notable exceptions given by the Council, no person shall be on New Caledonia&#039;s Minecraft until school/homework is done, including any parameters set by the parent of the affected (including chores). School and lunch breaks are allowed. No one is allowed to enter the Minecraft server after one&#039;s given a curfew. Curfew given by New Caledonia will be in two groups: Elders: Alex, Connor, Diego, Nate, Alan, and anyone else who is decided by the council. Alpha: Eddie, Joey, Daniel, Ethan, Aiden, Sal, and anyone else who is decided by the council. Elder curfew is 23:00 their time zone. Alpha curfew is 22:30 their time zone. In order to enforce this properly, when a time zone changes, it must be reported. This article may be temporarily revoked for certain breaks (i.e. Winter, Spring, Fall break).
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 30: School Act:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_30school_act&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:41,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;9675-10542&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit42" id="article_31tax_act">Article 31: Tax Act:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Effective immediately, taxes are to be collected every other Saturday, unless otherwise notified. Tax evasion is a serious offense and will be dealt with as such.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 31: Tax Act:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_31tax_act&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:42,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;10543-10739&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit43" id="article_31_-_amendment_1_citizenship_tax">Article 31 - Amendment 1 (Citizenship Tax):</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Property taxes are hereby eliminated. Instead, a $5 Citizenship Tax will be collected each month on the 15th.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 31 - Amendment 1 (Citizenship Tax):&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_31_-_amendment_1_citizenship_tax&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:43,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;10740-10904&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit44" id="article_32">Article 32:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Raids can be started legally, but preparedness is required. If any damage should occur, the instigator shall be held responsible (i.e. damage to public property)
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 32:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_32&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:44,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;10905-11092&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit45" id="article_33">Article 33:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Only Councilmen, and those employed by NCTA or NCCA, may be given Creative privileges. This is for the purpose of reducing cheating and should be used with any previous Creative related laws.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 33:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_33&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:45,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;11093-11310&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit46" id="article_34_economy_act">Article 34 (Economy Act):</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Effective on September 12, 2020, the Credit is the new currency and standard of the New Caledonian economy. Each citizen will be given 64 Credits, and also may trade in 128 Emeralds for 1 Credit until an undisclosed date and time. Taxes have been reset accordingly, as set in Article 31 Amendment 1 and/or later. Furthermore, Article 34 establishes the Bank of New Caledonia (BONC). Checks may be used, but BONC must be notified so as to move funds accordingly.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 34 (Economy Act):&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_34_economy_act&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:46,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;11311-11811&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit47" id="article_34_amendment_1">Article 34 Amendment 1:</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Instead of 64 Credits, each citizen will be issued 128 Credits on September 12. This does not affect the value or trading of Emeralds.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 34 Amendment 1:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_34_amendment_1&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:47,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;11812-11981&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit48" id="article_35_deletion_act">Article 35 (Deletion Act):</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Deletion of the last of anyone’s logo is hereby prohibited, whether accidental or deliberate. Transgression is punishable as robbery.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 35 (Deletion Act):&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_35_deletion_act&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:48,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;11982-12158&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit49" id="article_36">Article 36:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
False advertising or false presentation of any product is prohibited. Businesses caught engaging in this act will be shut down for an amount of time dependent on the severity.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 36:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_36&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:49,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;12159-12360&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit50" id="article_37_creativity_act">Article 37 (Creativity Act):</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Stealing of ideas for a business logo and/or slogan are hereby prohibited. Violation of this will lead to a fine dependent on the severity of the violation. “Stealing” is based on the entire Council&#039;s discretion. If it is not unanimous, no action will be taken.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 37 (Creativity Act):&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_37_creativity_act&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:50,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;12361-12665&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit51" id="article_38">Article 38:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Any sort of tampering with chats not by the set owner, if applicable, is hereby prohibited, and will be treated as destruction of public or private property.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 38:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_38&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:51,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;12666-12849&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit52" id="article_39">Article 39:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
The creation of insulting or offensive roles meant to single certain citizens out is hereby a form of harassment and is therefore illegal.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 39:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_39&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:52,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;12850-13014&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit53" id="article_40">Article 40:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
More than one logo in Minecraft for a single company is illegal. However, exceptions can be made by a majority of Councilmen.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 40:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_40&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:53,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;13015-13166&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit54" id="article_41">Article 41:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
This is applicable to Connor McClintic and Eddie Saucer, as an agreed precaution to end their conflict. If either of them sue for a bad reason or deliberately pick fights as determined by the moderator, Speaker Alex Snyder, they will receive 7 days of ban, and 1 month of probation per offense. They will receive court, and the charge will be brought as perjury and violation of contract. This agreement will be effective immediately, and that any laws against this are void in the interest of National Security.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 41:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_41&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:54,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;13167-13705&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit55" id="article_42">Article 42:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
When a lawsuit is recorded, the lawsuit must be held 14 days after the date recorded, unless for a reason agreed to by both the plaintiff and defendant. A lawsuit may be held either over voice or text, given that there is a judge online and available to preside.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 42:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_42&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:55,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;13706-13994&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit56" id="article_43">Article 43:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Spawns are prohibited unless approved by a majority Council. Many entity spawns may be approved at once, but the exact number must be specified.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 43:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_43&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:56,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;13995-14165&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit57" id="article_44">Article 44:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
The server administrator hereby has rights to do what he feels necessary for the server to thrive on the digital platform, but the entire innocent Council has the right to overturn his decision. Furthermore, any unauthorized sharing of or tampering with by the server or IP address is prohibited and can be punished with a ban.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 44:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_44&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:57,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;14166-14518&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit58" id="article_44_amendment_1">Article 44 Amendment 1:</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
The creation of unauthorized maps is prohibited; any created will be promptly deleted and the creator prosecuted.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 44 Amendment 1:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_44_amendment_1&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:58,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;14519-14667&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit59" id="article_45">Article 45:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Sending an unauthorized Discord link/invite is hereby prohibited.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 45:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_45&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:59,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;14668-14758&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit60" id="article_45_amendment_1">Article 45 Amendment 1:</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Invites are legal if sent within the New Caledonia populous. One Councilman is needed to ratify invites for prospective applicants, but he must notify the other Councilmen. Other invite-related articles stand. Any invite-related charges currently standing are hereby dropped.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 45 Amendment 1:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_45_amendment_1&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:60,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;14759-15067&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit61" id="article_46">Article 46:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Unapproved citizens, but those with approved invites, may join the Discord server, but they many only text in citizen-applications chat to answer questions asked by councilmen if more information is need. A case must be made for them by the one inviting within 7 days of the invite only in the #citizen-applications chat, where the invitee will answer the following inquiries: name, age, time zone (in form of GMT), who sent the invite and how, how the invitee knows the inviter, whether or not the invitee has read the laws coupled with a specific law-related question, consent to a citizen test and taxes, potential plans on the server, Minecraft Bedrock username, and experience of Minecraft (in years). The questioning is not necessarily limited to the aforementioned. If the Council sees fit, they may ask other questions.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 46:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_46&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:61,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;15068-15920&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit62" id="article_46_amendment_1">Article 46 Amendment 1:</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Following the completion of the given questionnaire by the citizen applicant, they will be required to take the laws test. They will have one attempt, in an open-book manner, that must be done 24 hours after administration. Following that, any opinions on whether or not the applicant should be admitted will be given, and 24 hours later, the Council will hold the official vote, of which the applicant must gain a 100% vote. If any of this is not met, the applicant will be denied citizenship and may reapply in 14 days.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 46 Amendment 1:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_46_amendment_1&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:62,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;15921-16474&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit63" id="article_46_amendment_2">Article 46 Amendment 2:</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Applicants will be allowed on Minecraft, but must be supervised and getting on must be approved in advance by 1 Councilman. If the applicant is on unsupervised or unapproved, the applicant is denied immediately. A 7 day observational period between allowing on Minecraft and final vote. The questionnaire may be done during that period, and the quiz is to be done after the final vote. If a potential applicant does not join within 7 days of invite approval, the invite approval becomes void. This applies to active invites and application processes.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 46 Amendment 2:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_46_amendment_2&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:63,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;16475-17059&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit64" id="article_47">Article 47:</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Results of any Council vote aside from the ratification/denial of a petition or bill are to remain confidential unless released with the permission of the entire Council.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Article 47:&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;article_47&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:64,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;17060-&quot;} -->